update reporting guidelines (#284)
waku-org/pm: PROCESS.md

## Milestone scoping process flow

Phase 1: Waku lead defines the scope within the Milestone. The scope is then discussed asynchronously in the comments of the GitHub issue by relevant subteams and stakeholders, scope of tasks are defined.

Phase 2: During a Waku PM call, the team reviews the Milestone to confirm scope or identify areas that require additional scoping.

Phase 3: If the scope is agreed upon, the team can proceed to create Epics and schedule work for kickoff.

## Workflow

> A *Milestone* is divided into *Deliverables*. A *Deliverable* is divided into work that is assigned to a given subteam.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
A *Milestone* is divided into *Deliverables*. A *Deliverable* is divided into *Tasks* that are assigned to a given subteam.
```
